Implementation/readme (#20)
narajaon/onestatus: README.md

```
you can of course not use `BufEnter` and use `WinEnter` or some other events but I found it sufficient for my everyday use.

## The Internals
The plugin's implementation is simple, it runs `tmux source 'the content of your json file'`, everything else is just deserialization and formatting.

Let us write an example that displays the current file extension on the left.
In your onestatus.json
```json
  "status-left": [

>     { "fg": "default", "bg": "default", "labelFunc": "CurFileType" }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    { "fg": "default", "bg": "default", "labelFunc": "CurrentFileExtension" }
```

  ]
```
And make a function in your `$MYVIMRC` to return the file type.
```vim

> fun CurFileType()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fun CurrentFileExtension()
```

```
you can of course not use `BufEnter` and use `WinEnter` or some other events but I found it sufficient for my everyday use.

## The Internals

> The plugin's implementation is simple, it just runs `tmux source 'the content of your json file'`, everything else is just deserialization and formatting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin's implementation is simple, it runs `tmux source 'the content of your json file'`, everything else is just deserialization and formatting.
```

> The plugin's implementation is simple, it just runs `tmux source {'your json here'}`, thats it everything else is just deserialization of your json and formatting it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin's implementation is simple, it just runs `tmux source 'the content of your json file'`, everything else is just deserialization and formatting.
```

> Let us write an example with the current file type on the left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us write an example with the current file extension on the left.
```

> Let us do an example with the current file type in left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us write an example with the current file type on the left.
```

> In your onestatus.json;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your onestatus.json
```

```json
  "status-left": [

>     { "fg": "default", "bg": "default", "labelFunc": "g:CurFileType" }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    { "fg": "default", "bg": "default", "labelFunc": "CurFileType" }
```

  ]
```
And make a function in your `$MYVIMRC` to return the file type.
```vim

> fun CurFileType()

Reviewer: since file type means something special in vim (:h filetype), `CurrentFileExtension` should be more adequate

> fun g:CurFileType()

Reviewer: you can omit the g: prefix here

> fun g:CurFileType()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fun CurFileType()
```

    return expand('%:e')
endfun
```

> The labelFunc takes a function name and sends its output to tmux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The labelFunc attribute takes a function name and sends its output to tmux
```

> The labelFunc attribute takes a function name and sends its output to tmux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `labelFunc` attribute takes a function name and sends its output to tmux
```

```
tmux set-option status-left -g fg=default bg=default "{the output of function}" 
```

> There you customized your OneStatus.
> Read on to see the deatails

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
